feat: extend addXRayTraceIdHeader to accept allow list (#466)
aws-observability/aws-rum-web: docs/configuration.md

| urlsToExclude | RegExp[] | `[]` | A list of HTTP request (`XMLHttpRequest` or `fetch`) URLs. These requests will not be recorded. |
| stackTraceLength | Number | `1000 ` | The number of characters to record from a JavaScript error's stack trace (if available). |
| recordAllRequests | boolean | `false` | By default, only HTTP failed requests (i.e., those with network errors or status codes which are not 2xx) are recorded. When this field is `true`, the http telemetry will record all requests, including those with successful 2xx status codes. <br/><br/>This field does **does not apply** to X-Ray traces, where all requests are recorded. |

> | addXRayTraceIdHeader | boolean or RegExp[] | `false`  | By default, the `X-Amzn-Trace-Id` header will not be added to the HTTP request. This means that the client-side trace and server-side trace will **not be linked** in X-Ray or the ServiceLens graph.<br/><br/> When this field is `true`, the `X-Amzn-Trace-Id` header will be added to HTTP requests (`XMLHttpRequest` or `fetch`). **Adding the header is dangerous and you must test your application before setting this field to `true` in a production environment.** The header could cause CORS to fail or invalidate the request's signature if the request is signed with sigv4.<br/><br/> When this field has type RegExp[], it behaves as `true` when the url matches some of the regular expressions, and behaves as `false` when there is no match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| addXRayTraceIdHeader | boolean or RegExp[] | `false` | By default, the `X-Amzn-Trace-Id` header will not be added to the HTTP request. This means that the client-side trace and server-side trace will **not be linked** in X-Ray or the ServiceLens graph.<br/><br/> When this field is `true`, the `X-Amzn-Trace-Id` header will be added to HTTP requests (`XMLHttpRequest` or `fetch`).<br/><br/> When this field is an array of regular expressions (RegExp[]), the `X-Amzn-Trace-Id` header will be added only to HTTP requests that contain an URL matching one or more of the regular expressions.<br/><br/>**Adding the `X-Amzn-Trace-Id` header can cause CORS failures. Test your application before enabling this feature in a production environment.**
```
